HomeAdvisor is looking for a senior-level Developer to join our Software Development team. In general, we are looking for someone who has experience working on public-facing web properties, and being part of a fast-paced, fun-loving team. Our environment can be fun, loose, iterative, and even chaotic at times - you've been warned.

What you will be doing:
Code every day in HTML, CSS, and to make our site highly interactive
Integrate client-side code with web services, social platforms, and our Java-based infrastructure
Produce pixel-perfect layouts and sites from mock-ups provided by key business partners in Creative Design, UX/UI, and Product Development
Work on progressive redesign and maintenance projects that have an immediate impact on how our customers experience our brand every day

Why we think you'll like working here:
HomeAdvisor.com is the industry-leading online marketplace connecting homeowners to pre-qualified home improvement resources in their area - a homeowner turns to HomeAdvisor every 5 seconds for help.
We're one of Denver's largest internet companies, and our employees have voted us to the Denver Post's list of Top Workplaces for 5 years running.
You have a direct impact on our customer experience every single day.
We're not afraid to make mistakes, and figure out how we can be better in time for the next release.

Qualifications

3+ years of experience with the following:
HTML and CSS
Basic Photoshop skills
Cross-browser functionality testing
Experience with Version Control (Git, SVN, CVS, etc.)

Bonus Points for:
Data-binding frameworks like Angular.js and Backbone
JS Module patterns
AJAX
Server-side templating frameworks
JSTL
Pug/Jade
LESS or SASS/SCSS
Experience with Grunt/Gulp
Mobile Web Development

If you have a passion for clean, easily maintained front-end code and a desire to make an impact on customer experience, we think you’ll be in good company here at HomeAdvisor. Send us your resume so we can chat.

If you're interested in a career with us, we'd love to talk. If you have questions about any of our roles, talk with one of our Recruiters by signing up for our next chat: http://www.abouthomeadvisor.com/talk-to-us/
